Scenario

My team has made progress on the Work Breakdown Structure, by adding durations and links to the tasks. I need to make some changes to my Work Breakdown Structure, as it is still a work in progress. I will add a new task in the middle of the project, mark a task inactive because I do not think i will need to perform it, split a task into two separate pieces, and move a task forward by a day. I also want to learn how to reschedule incomplete work, although i will not need to do this until the project is underway.

Open the file.
Open the file named Trey_Slide_Presenter_Tasks_b.mpp from the Create a Project Schedule folder.
Insert a new task into the existing task list.
Select the Phase 3 - Execution task name.
In the Insert group on the Task tab, select Task. 
Note: The new task will appear immediately above the task Phase 3 – Execution, and it will be linked in a Finish-to-Start relationship with Plan team staffing to support sales goals and Evaluate market and refine messaging.
Replace the <New Task> placeholder with the text Detailed Planning Complete
Set the Duration to 0 days, to make the task a milestone.
Mark the Define internal communication needs task as inactive.
Select the Define internal communication needs task.
On the Schedule group on the Task tab, select Inactivate. The task name and associated Gantt bar will have a strikeout line through them, and the linking of the tasks will be updated to reflect that this task will not be done.
Manually split the Obtain launch budget approval task to have a one-day delay that will occur two days after the task begins.
Select the Obtain launch budget approval task.
In the Schedule group of the Task tab, select Split task.
In the Gantt Chart pane, select the place in the bar where the split will occur, Friday 8/12/2016.
Move the Define sales presentation task.
Select the Define sales presentation task.
In the Tasks group of the task tab, select Move Task, and then select Move Task Forward 1 day.
Save the file as My_Trey_Slide_Presenter_Tasks_b.mpp
Reschedule incomplete work.
Select the Define sales presentation task.
In the Schedule group of the Task tab, select 50%. The Gantt bar for the task will be dark blue for 2 days (50% of the duration).
In the Status group of the Project tab, select Update Project.
In the Update Project window, select Reschedule uncompleted work to start after and enter 8/25/2016. The task will then appear with a one-day split.
Close the file and do not save changes.